edu/temple/homerecognition/data/Result.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.data.Result
 edu.temple.homerecognition.data.Result$1
 edu.temple.homerecognition.data.Result$Error
 edu.temple.homerecognition.data.Result$Success
edu/temple/homerecognition/DatabaseMethods.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.DatabaseMethods
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginActivity
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginActivity$3
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginActivity$4
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginActivity$5
edu/temple/homerecognition/SettingsActivity.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.SettingsActivity
 edu.temple.homerecognition.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
edu/temple/homerecognition/data/LoginRepository.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.data.LoginRepository
edu/temple/homerecognition/MainActivity.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.MainActivity
 edu.temple.homerecognition.MainActivity$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/House.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.House
edu/temple/homerecognition/First2Fragment.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.First2Fragment
 edu.temple.homerecognition.First2Fragment$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/Database.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.Database
edu/temple/homerecognition/data/LoginDataSource.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.data.LoginDataSource
edu/temple/homerecognition/MapsActivity.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.MapsActivity
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginResult
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.home.HomeViewModel
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
edu/temple/homerecognition/BuildConfig.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.BuildConfig
edu/temple/homerecognition/User.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.User
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginViewModel
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/ProfileActivity.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ProfileActivity
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ProfileActivity$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/Second2Fragment.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.Second2Fragment
 edu.temple.homerecognition.Second2Fragment$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.data.model.LoggedInUser
edu/temple/homerecognition/ArchitecturepediaActivity.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ArchitecturepediaActivity
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ArchitecturepediaActivity$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.home.HomeFragment
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.login.LoginFormState
edu/temple/homerecognition/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 edu.temple.homerecognition.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
